greetings my fellow audience this is
cheesy oh this would be my first
minecraft video with my phones actually
this is not a minecraft video but rather
take it light the latest Tekkit version
with minecraft 1.4 point 6 i've been
playing Tekkit for for the well i'm
trying with a lot of crazy ideas
including semi-automatic tnt cannon and
the doors are not very successful day
and not blowing up themselves anyway
today I'm going to show you a delicate
creation of mine but nostalgia
nuclear cannon yes a tnt cannon that
shoots nukes yeah I got a name for it
and for I could you Trebuchet the
trebuchet nuclear payload delivery
device let's see how the swing works it
just works like any kind of
ordinary tnt cannons that we're
technology yeah technology firstly let
me show you its main components
firstly the water chamber thing that the
TNT charge drops and these are the
pliers that would auto remote run and
here also a deployer and a slap yes and
this is where you place the week
see this cannon have no buttons because
we're isn't technology so that remote
controls to farm gun with me in my
inventory we got back to remote controls
personally fire protocol
but before you can fire the gun you have
loaded first how to load it it's very
simple you just use the reload protocol
remote thing right country you see it's
loaded with big and TNT charges well
once loaded let's fire this feast yeah
Jenna Rose Chinese
you can
remove ingenuous yeah
ya got the alarm and lights for the full
effect let's see it's disruption level
OOP
yeah this I previously fired the cannon
once so yeah it makes the but crater
beggar yep and this is your nuclear tnt
cannon yeah thanks for watching